Tourists who can't figure out how to get through subway turnstiles are the butt of many [jokes](http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2016/04/07/hillary-clinton-rides-the-no-4-and-her-metrocard-eventually-fits-fine/?_r=0) but everyone seems to have a pretty hard time with them.  The mechanical parts are fairly intuitive.  The waist-high turnstiles are easy enough to figure out how to walk through.  Although the full-height revolving door style ones are a little bit less intuitive.  The fixed bars on one side are a signifier to go the other way.  But since you enter counterclockwise and exit clockwise, I always feel like I need to think for half a second of which way to go instead of it feeling completely natural.

But the real cause of trouble is the MetroCard.  Setting aside the fact that they don't work half the time, whether they or working or not is not well communicated to the user.  There are three ways that turnstiles communicate whether or not you can enter - a "GO" light off the to side where no one is looking, a small LCD display that is also off to the side that hard to read and a noise which is almost imperceivable from the "STOP" [noise](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX19zrxtcTQ).  More often a user will find out that they've not swiped their card correctly only after they walk forward, try to go through and find that the turnstile won't turn.  At which point they have to step back a few steps (forcing any line behind them to also back up) and try again.  By the second time, if they haven't figured out that they need to look to the side, rather than forward (the direction they're trying to go) then this whole dance will probably happen again.  

This is in contrast to the type of gates that many other metro systems now use which have waist-high gates that open and close.  When you use your pass you look forward in the direction you hope to be walking.  Does the gate open?  Then walk forward.  Does it stay closed?  Then it's pretty obvious you can't go through.  This seems like a much more intuitive signifier of failure/success than what we have in New York subways.
